# The Doom of Bahamut - Player's Guide
This micro-campaign takes place in the small __Village of Fuling__. A sleepy peaceful village located high in the __Angzh mountains__ surrounded with some of nature's most incredible beauty. The village is located on the tiny island-kingdom of __Nirimsea__. The island is populated almost entirely of the Nirimsese __Dragonborn__. The Nirimsese culture places a high importance on honor, hard work – particularly in the pursuit of a craft – and politeness.

The village is also home to the __Temple of Bahamut__ (_Ryū no Ji_). A serene temple that focuses on meditation and relaxation. Every year thousands of visitors from across the world come to visit the temple. Many contribute a tiny parchment to the platinum capsule at the center of the wooden shrine. Written on these parchments are solemn oaths sworn to __Bahamut__ (_Ryū_) swearing to commit an act of justice in his honor. Upon completion of the deed the worshiper is hopeful to gain favor with the dragon-god.

The economy in the village is largely driven by the tourism industry as many thousands come to the village on the pilgrimage to the temple. Fuling is known for its healing springs called the __Onsen__. The village is also home to some of the finest artisans in the kingdom as many visitors make purchases of fine goods throughout their stay.

The most well known of which are __Ryaka’s Fine Goods__ (_Ryaka no rō Ie_) and __Hazuyo’s Better Goods__ (_Hazuyo no tarō Ie_). The fierce competition between these two adjacent artisan shops makes them a popular destination for visitors of the village.
